It's interesting that though, because clearly there are things which he has had views on and spoken about before as mayor which not being. Within his powers, he was fine to comment on as an observer, whereas now everything is within his power and that that were true nominally for the purposes of, you know, upholding the state.
Well, he's got this awkward bit where he hasn't actually got a mandate from the country himself.
So he did have those views as mayor, but now he's come into a Labour government or parliamentary party, which he was never a part of the election. So it's a real constitutional issue actually that you're right. Is he in charge or does he have the mandate? I guess he might have to wait to the next general election to get booze back in the stands.
Look, we're all grown up here. Unless you're Jeremy Corbyn, I don't think anybody realistically expects everything that you once thought ten or 20 years ago to be the same thing you think now. But I suppose there is also a risk that people who've only seen glance at some front pages, they maybe heard, you know, they might turn up at matches this Saturday and think.
You can now take your drinks into the stand and then it, because literally the Prime Minister appears to have said it. Yeah, I think the advantage he has is people genuinely know he's a football fan. There have been too many prime ministers who have been football fans. Moke, who've just said something about football or even misnamed the team they thought they supported. But I think people do believe Danny Burnham is a football fan.
They probably believe that therefore he is thinking of the fans. But you're right, the reality is this is a very complicated and I was at the 2020 €1 finals at Wembley and it was terrible. It was absolutely terrible. The violence was awful. You're thinking, why would you go back to those days actually? Why would you have a guy with a firework up his. Back side at
I don't think the Prime Minister was endorsing that specifically.
That would be an interesting.
Yeah, I'm sure he's suggesting not having wouldn't discrimination.
It is interesting though, isn't it, how much politicians want to lean on football for their kind of man of the people shtick. I mean, it didn't perish to bring this up but saker and that didn't do him a lot of lot of good in terms of the man and the people stuff. So some of it's about football, but you've either got that kind of authentic shtick about you you have and Burnham's got it in spades. 